Right.
So let's discuss the next problem, a chessboard game.
Two players are playing a game on a 15 gross 15 chess board.
A game starts with a single coin located some x comb over coordinate.
Coordinate of the opposite are one comma, one, and the lower right cell out 15, going 15.
Then each move play again would move the coin from six Gomorrah over to these four locations.
Right.
So the coin must remain inside the board, of course, beginning with player one, the player, then
it turns.
The first player is anywhere to make a move, loses the game.
We go below shows all possible moves using our aid cross aid board.
Okay.
Not not a big problem.
Again, initial conditions.
Yeah.
So is again, it's a very similar problem to the previous problem that we are one game of stones you.
So in those types of problems actually those are.
Wendy problems, right?
Those are problems in which we were going minus two to the left on minus three or minus four.
So this is a 2D problem.
Instead of X direction, we have vitality and also there can be 3D problems too, right?
What is the best way to solve all these problems?
Just one to go.
The relation.
Okay.
So this is that.
It goes in relation.
That will solve all the problems.
It will go to all the locations we will simply dig.
And of all those states, wherever I can go.
And then I will not.
Hey.
Okay.
So.
I hope this is clear.
So it's an art of our need study now.
Hey, let's go.
This guy is not adopting.
I, uh.
I would always suggest you try it yourself first.
Right.
So.
Good.
So let's take.
Be.
And my T minus minus.
So we have to ask Syria and it needs to ask is we are getting two integers, X and Y, right?
So what else is if?
Okay, let's write a function called give state.
Which will tell me where there's a winning or losing position.
So it will take X and y rate to give straight, will take x and y and it will tell me whether the x
column of the location is a winning or losing position.
So give state and it spots X coming rightward.
If give state is not if it is something that means not zero will simply print first rate.
So I guess here we should be in first only.
Yeah, first.
Else we'll see out.
Thinking.
Hey, now, guys, let's go do this.
Give stage function to it.
Should we do it right?
Bullion.
No problem.
Hey.
Uh.
Yeah.
So let's take some bullion answer.
And in Italy, win market rate.
So that's what we are doing in Italian market.
True.
And then we will take and with the other states they.
So I say give state.
Of which really?
The first one is X minus two, Y plus one.
X minus two.
Y plus one.
Right.
So the second one is X minus two, Y minus one.
The third one is the explosive one by minus two.
X plus one, Y minus.
Ooh.
And the fourth one is X minus one moment, Minister.
So X minus one and y minus.
To find.
And finally, the answer will be north of Answer.
Yeah, that's what we discussed.
Answer the question.
Not of answer.
And I lived in that city.
And this guy there in memoirs did so late, submitted funds and it's sick whether memorization is needed
or not.
Okay.
Let's build this first, then only bill summit.
Mm hmm.
Yeah, there is some issue.
Oh, yeah.
We skipped the main part of recording.
That is a base case.
What was the base case?
If Exxon Mobile is out of my board.
Okay.
So if exit less than one or excuse me, greater than 15 or VI is less than one or VI is greater than
15.
That means we're out of.
So if you are out of the board of our Twitter, then we should have done something that should not affect
other students as they should read it and drool of all the guys.
Think about this.
I'm digging.
And from all over the states, I.
Well, if let's say this state was out of bone for some x come away X minus doing very pleasant is out
of bone, but the outer bone states should not affect my answer.
So what will not affect my end if I dig through right?
If I do it in one?
Eight.
Hold off singing first verse and let's see.
Okay let me summited without and commanding this first.
Mm.
Yeah.
Zero.
Wrong.
Wrong answer.
Because I haven't encountered this, so I need to commend it and then will submit it again.
Well, now what we are getting is we are getting timely take Syria Iran desk is one.
So this is because in each desk is the whole because of treaties being formed.
Right.
So just to avoid this, how do we do it, guys?
If I avoid if I have to avoid the Holy Ghost every and I want I don't want do it duplicated.
Calculations.
So I use memorization rate.
So let's memorize it.
So I'm taking a map.
You can even take an area.
No problem with that.
Initialize an area with minus one and all that easy thing.
So if you're not familiar with memorization, then you can watch the dynamic programming course, right?
Everything would be mentioned there.
So memorization is just two stored things so it doesn't count digging paints and billiard found.
So if map contains x going away, I simply.
Written MP.
X comma by weight.
And finally what we'll do is map off my bicycle transit pilot any as will simply save any of them.
So basically this should be boolean.
I need.
Now let's.
Sigurd.
Yeah.
It's well, it's submitted once.
Cool.
So other desk is his boss case and soon the next part is good.
Okay.